Update landing page (#213)
PrefectHQ/prefect-aws: docs/index.md

        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/prefecthq/prefect-aws?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422" /></a>
    <a href="https://pepy.tech/badge/prefect-aws/" alt="Downloads">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/prefect-aws?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422" /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/prefecthq/prefect-aws/pulse" alt="Activity">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/prefecthq/prefect-aws?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422" /></a>
    <br>
    <a href="https://prefect-community.slack.com" alt="Slack">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-join_community-red.svg?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422&logo=slack" /></a>
    <a href="https://discourse.prefect.io/" alt="Discourse">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discourse-browse_forum-red.svg?color=0052FF&labelColor=090422&logo=discourse" /></a>
</p>

## Welcome!

The `prefect-aws` collection makes it easy to leverage the capabilities of AWS in your flows, featuring support for ECSTask, S3, Secrets Manager, Batch Job, and Client Waiter.

Visit the full docs [here](https://PrefectHQ.github.io/prefect-aws).

## Getting Started

### Saving credentials to a block

> You will need to obtain AWS credentials in order to use `prefect-aws`.

Reviewer: Potentially also link to instructions for creating an AWS account?
```suggestion
You will need an AWS account and credentials in order to use `prefect-aws`.
```

1. Refer to the [AWS Configuration documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html#cli-configure-quickstart-creds) on how to retrieve your access key ID and secret access key
2. Copy the access key ID and secret access key

> 3. Create a short script, replacing the placeholders (or do so in the UI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a short script and replace the placeholders with your credential information and desired block name:
```

```python
from prefect_aws import AwsCredentials
AwsCredentials(
    aws_access_key_id="PLACEHOLDER",
    aws_secret_access_key="PLACEHOLDER",
    aws_session_token=None,  # replace this with token if necessary
    region_name="us-east-2"
).save("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")
```

> Congrats! You can now easily load the saved block, which holds your credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congrats! You can now load the saved block to use your credentials in your Python code:
```

 
```python
from prefect_aws import AwsCredentials
AwsCredentials.load("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")
```

!!! info "Registering blocks"

    Register blocks in this module to
    [view and edit them](https://docs.prefect.io/ui/blocks/)
    on Prefect Cloud:

    ```bash
    prefect block register -m prefect_aws
    ```

### Using Prefect with AWS ECS

> `prefect_aws` allows you to interact with AWS ECS Tasks with Prefect flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prefect_aws` allows you to use [AWS ECS](https://aws.amazon.com/ecs/) as infrastructure for your deployments. Using ECS for scheduled flow runs enabled the dynamic provisioning of infrastructure for containers and unlocked greater scalability.
```

The snippets below show how you can use `prefect_aws` to run a task on ECS. It uses the `ECSTask` block as [Prefect infrastructure](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/infrastructure/) or simply within a flow.

> #### As Infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### As deployment Infrastructure
```

> You can also use ECS Tasks as infrastructure to execute your deployed flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

ecs_task = ECSTask(
    image="prefecthq/prefect:2-python3.10",
    aws_credentials=aws_credentials,
    vpc_id=os.environ["VPC_ID"],
)
ecs_task.save(os.environ["ECS_TASK_BLOCK_NAME"], overwrite=True)

bucket_name = "ecs-task-bucket-example"
s3_client = aws_credentials.get_s3_client()
s3_client.create_bucket(
    Bucket=bucket_name,
    CreateBucketConfiguration={"LocationConstraint": aws_credentials.region_name}
)
s3_bucket = S3Bucket(
    bucket_name=bucket_name,
    aws_credentials=aws_credentials,
)
s3_bucket.save(os.environ["S3_BUCKET_BLOCK_NAME"], overwrite=True)
```

##### Write a flow

Then, use an existing flow to create a deployment with, or use the flow below if you don't have an existing flow handy.

```python
from prefect import flow

@flow(log_prints=True)
def ecs_task_flow():
    print("Hello, Prefect!")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    ecs_task_flow()
```

##### Create a deployment

If the script was named "ecs_task_script.py", build a deployment manifest with the following command.

```bash
prefect deployment build ecs_task_script.py:ecs_task_flow \
    -n ecs-task-deployment \
    -ib ecs-task/${ECS_TASK_BLOCK_NAME} \

>     -sb s3-bucket/${GCS_BUCKET_BLOCK_NAME} \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -sb s3-bucket/${S3_BUCKET_BLOCK_NAME} \
```

    --override env.EXTRA_PIP_PACKAGES=prefect-aws
```

Now apply the deployment!

```bash
prefect deployment apply ecs_task_flow-deployment.yaml
```

##### Test the deployment

Start up an agent in a separate terminal. The agent will poll the Prefect API for scheduled flow runs that are ready to run.

```bash
prefect agent start -q 'default'
```

Run the deployment once to test.

```bash
prefect deployment run ecs-task-flow/ecs-task-deployment
```

Once the flow run has completed, you will see `Hello, Prefect!` logged in the Prefect UI.

!!! info "No class found for dispatch key"

    If you encounter an error message like `KeyError: "No class found for dispatch key 'ecs-task' in registry for type 'Block'."`,
    ensure `prefect-aws` is installed in the environment that your agent is running!

Another tutorial on `ECSTask` can be found [here](https://towardsdatascience.com/prefect-aws-ecs-fargate-github-actions-make-serverless-dataflows-as-easy-as-py-f6025335effc).

#### Within Flow

> You can execute commands through ECS Task directly within a Prefect flow.

Reviewer: I think it's useful to include why this would be something you'd want to do.
```suggestion
You can also execute commands through ECS Task directly within a Prefect flow. Running containers via ECS in your flows is useful for executing non-python code in a distributed manner via Prefect.
```
